Update docs with overview, setup guide, quick start, and resource files. (#5)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema: README.md

## Overview

> [HubSpot ](https://www.hubspot.com/) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.
```

The `ballerinax/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema` connector offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Hubspot Associations Schema API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/associations/associations-schema) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

## Setup guide

> To use the HubSpot Association-Schema connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and a HubSpot App under it. Therefore, you need to register for a developer account at HubSpot if you don't have one already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the HubSpot Associations schema connector, you need a HubSpot developer account and an associated app with API access. If you don’t have one, register for a HubSpot developer account first.
```

### Step 1: Login to a HubSpot developer account

If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account you can sign up to a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

If you have an account already, go to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)

### Step 2: Create a Developer Test Account under your account(optional)

Within app developer accounts, you can create [developer test accounts](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.

> > **Note: These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note: These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use developer test accounts.**
```

1. Go to the Test accounts section from the left sidebar.
   ![Test accounts section](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/test-account.png)

2. Click on the `Create developer test account` button on the top right corner.
   ![Create developer test account](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-test-account.png)

3. In the pop-up window, provide a name for the test account and click on the `Create` button.
   ![Create test account](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-account.png)
   You will see the newly created test account in the list of test accounts.
   ![Test account portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/test-account-portal.png)

### Step 3: Create a HubSpot App

> 1. Now navigate to the `Apps` section from the left sidebar and click on the `Create app` button on the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the `Apps` section in the left sidebar and click on the `Create app` button in the top right corner.
```

   ![Create app](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-app.png)

2. Provide a public app name and description for your app.
   ![App name and description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/app-name-desc.png)

> ### Step 4: Setup Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Setup authentication
```

Reviewer: Use sentence case in other titles as well

![Client ID and Client Secret](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/client-id-secret.png)

### Step 6: Setup Authentication Flow

Before proceeding with the Quickstart, ensure you have obtained the Access Token or Refresh Token using the following steps:

1. Create an authorization URL using the following format:

   ```
   https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&scope=<YOUR_SCOPES>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>
   ```

   Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` and `<YOUR_SCOPES>` with your specific value.

2. Paste it in the browser and select your developer test account to install the app when prompted.
   ![Account select](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/account-select.png)

3. A code will be displayed in the browser. Copy the code.

4. Run the following curl command. Replace the `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` and `<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>` with your specific value. Use the code you received in the above step 3 as the `<CODE>`.

> -  Linux/macOS (Bash)
>    In Linux/macOS, use the following `curl` command in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Linux/macOS (bash)**

    Use the following `curl` command in your terminal.
```

   ```bash
   curl --location "https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token" \
   --header "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" \
   --data-urlencode "grant_type=authorization_code" \
   --data-urlencode "code=<CODE>" \
   --data-urlencode "redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>" \
   --data-urlencode "client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>" \
   --data-urlencode "client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>"
   ```

> - Windows (CMD)
>    In Windows, use the following curl command in Command Prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Windows (cmd)**

   Use the following `curl` command in the command prompt.
```

Reviewer: Before committing the changes, better to preview the markdown file and check whether the file has organized properly

Author: Okay

Replace the `<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>` ,`<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>` and `<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>` with your specific value.

      - MacOS/Linux

      ```bash
      curl --request POST \
      --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token \
      --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
      --data 'grant_type=refresh_token&refresh_token=<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
      ```

      - Windows

      ```bash
      curl --request POST ^
      --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
      --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
      --data 'grant_type=refresh_token&refresh_token=<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
      ```

## Quickstart

To use the `Hubspot CRM Association Schema` connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `hubspot.crm.association.schema` module and `oauth2` module.

```ballerina

> import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.association.schema as hsAssociationSchema;
> import ballerina/oauth2;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import ballerina/oauth2;
import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.association.schema as hubspot;
```

   ```toml
    clientId = <Client Id>
    clientSecret = <Client Secret>
    refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `hsAssociationSchema:ConnectionConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

    ```ballerina
    configurable string clientId = ?;
    configurable string clientSecret = ?;
    configurable string refreshToken = ?;

   hsAssociationSchema:OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
      clientId,
      clientSecret,
      refreshToken,
      credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
   };

   final hsAssociationSchema:Client hubspot = check new ({ auth });
    ```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation

Now, utilize the available connector operations. A sample usecase is shown below.

#### Read all association definitions from objects contact to deals

```ballerina
public function main() returns error? {
    hsAssociationSchema:CollectionResponseAssociationSpecWithLabelNoPaging associations = 
        check hubspot->/contacts/deals/labels.get();
    io:println("Contact-Deal Association definitions: ", associations);
}
```

## Examples

> The `HubSpot CRM Associations schema` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](//https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/tree/main/examples), covering the following use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `HubSpot CRM Associations schema` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/tree/main/examples), covering the following use cases.
```

   ```

   **Windows (CMD)**

   Use the following `curl` command in your command prompt:

   ```bash
   curl --request POST ^
   --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
   --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
   --data 'grant_type=refresh_token&refresh_token=<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
   ```

## Quickstart

To use the `Hubspot CRM Associations Schema` connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `hubspot.crm.associations.schema` module and `oauth2` module.

   ```ballerina
   import ballerina/oauth2;
   import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.associations.schema as hsschema;
   ```

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

1. Create a `Config.toml` file and, configure the obtained credentials in the above steps as follows:

   ```toml
   clientId = <Client Id>
   clientSecret = <Client Secret>
   refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `hsschema:ConnectionConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

    ```ballerina

>      configurable string clientId = ?;
>      configurable string clientSecret = ?;
>      configurable string refreshToken = ?;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    configurable string clientId = ?;
    configurable string clientSecret = ?;
    configurable string refreshToken = ?;
```

    hsschema:OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
        clientId,
        clientSecret,
        refreshToken,
        credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
    };
    final hsschema:Client hubspot = check new ({ auth });
    ```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation

Now, utilize the available connector operations. A sample usecase is shown below.

#### Read all association definitions from objects contact to deals

   ```ballerina
   public function main() returns error? {
      hsschema:CollectionResponseAssociationSpecWithLabelNoPaging associations = 
         check hubspot->/contacts/deals/labels.get();
      io:println("Contact-Deal Association definitions: ", associations);
   }

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Check the indentations in code snippets inside the markdown files. Indentation should be 4 spaces.

Author: Done!!

Author: Done!

## Overview

[HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

The `ballerinax/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema` connector offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Hubspot Associations Schema API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/associations/associations-schema) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

## Setup guide

> To use the HubSpot Associations schema connector, you need a HubSpot developer account and an associated app with API access. If you don’t have one, register for a HubSpot developer account first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You need a HubSpot developer account and an associated app with API access to use the HubSpot Associations schema connector. If you don’t have one, register for a HubSpot developer account first.
```

### Step 1: Login to a HubSpot developer account

> If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account you can sign up to a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account, you can sign up for a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)
```

If you have an account already, go to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)

> ### Step 2: Create a developer test account under your account(optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Create a developer test account (optional)
```

Within app developer accounts, you can create [developer test accounts](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.

> > **Note: These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use developer test accounts.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use developer test accounts.
```

1. Go to the Test accounts section from the left sidebar.
   ![Test accounts section](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/test-account.png)

> 2. Click on the `Create developer test account` button on the top right corner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Click on the `Create developer test account` button in the top right corner.
```

   ![Create developer test account](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-test-account.png)

> 3. In the pop-up window, provide a name for the test account and click on the `Create` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. In the pop-up window, provide a name for the test account and click the `Create` button.
```

   ![Create test account](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-account.png)
   You will see the newly created test account in the list of test accounts.
   ![Test account portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/test-account-portal.png)

### Step 3: Create a HubSpot app

> 1. Navigate to the `Apps` section in the left sidebar and click on the `Create app` button in the top right corner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the `Apps` section in the left sidebar and click the `Create app` button in the top right corner.
```

   ![Create app](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/create-app.png)

2. Provide a public app name and description for your app.
   ![App name and description](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/app-name-desc.png)

### Step 4: Setup authentication

1. Move to the `Auth` tab.
   ![Configure authentication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/config-auth.png)

> 2. In the `Scopes` section, add the following scopes for your app using the `Add new scopes` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add the following scopes for your app using the `Add new scopes` button in the `Scopes` section.
```

- `crm.objects.contacts.read`
- `crm.objects.contacts.write`
- `crm.objects.companies.read`
- `crm.objects.companies.write`
- `crm.objects.deals.read`
- `crm.objects.deals.write`
- `crm.objects.line_items.read`
- `crm.objects.line_items.write`
- `crm.objects.custom.read`
- `crm.objects.custom.write`

   ![Add scopes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/add-scopes.png)

> 3. In the `Redirect URL` section, add the redirect URL for your app. This is the URL where the user will be redirected after the authentication process. You can use `localhost` for testing purposes. Then click the `Create App` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Add the redirect URL for your app in the `Redirect URL` section. This is the URL where the user will be redirected after authentication. You can use `localhost` for testing purposes. Then click the `Create App` button.
```

   ![Redirect URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/redirect-url.png)

### Step 5: Get the client ID and client secret

Navigate to the `Auth` tab and you will see the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` for your app. Make sure to save these values.

> ![Client ID and Client Secret](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/client-id-secret.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ![Client ID and Client Secret](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema/main/docs/resources/client-id-secret.png)
```

   --data-urlencode "client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>" \
   --data-urlencode "client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>"
   ```

   **Windows (CMD)**

   Use the following `curl` command in Command Prompt:

   ```bash
   curl --location "https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token" ^
   --header "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" ^
   --data-urlencode "grant_type=authorization_code" ^
   --data-urlencode "code=<CODE>" ^
   --data-urlencode "redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>" ^
   --data-urlencode "client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>" ^
   --data-urlencode "client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>"
   ```

   This command will return the access token and refresh token which are necessary for API calls.

      ```json
      {
         "token_type": "bearer",
         "refresh_token": "<Refresh Token>",
         "access_token": "<Access Token>",
         "expires_in": 1800
      }
      ```

5. Store the refresh token securely for use in your application.

6. If you are using testing tools (e.g., Postman, Insomnia) or need to manually refresh the token for testing, run the following `curl` command to refresh the access token when it expires, make a POST request to the HubSpot OAuth endpoint.

> Replace the `<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>` ,`<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>` and `<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>` with your specific value.

Reviewer 2: Use oxford comma in documentation. 

```suggestion
Replace the `<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>`, `<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>`, and `<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>` with your specific value.
```

   **Linux/macOS (Bash)**

   Use the following `curl` command in your terminal:

   ```bash
   curl --request POST \
   --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token \
   --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
   --data 'grant_type=refresh_token&refresh_token=<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
   ```

   **Windows (CMD)**

   Use the following `curl` command in your command prompt:

   ```bash
   curl --request POST ^
   --url https://api.hubapi.com/oauth/v1/token ^
   --header 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' ^
   --data 'grant_type=refresh_token&refresh_token=<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>&client_id=<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>&client_secret=<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>'
   ```

## Quickstart

To use the `Hubspot CRM Associations Schema` connector in your Ballerina application, update the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `hubspot.crm.associations.schema` module and `oauth2` module.

   ```ballerina
   import ballerina/oauth2;

>    import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.associations.schema as hsAssociationSchema;

Reviewer 2: Use lowercase letters for module aliases. (They are treated differently than the variables). Check all the occurrences and update them.

```suggestion
   import ballerinax/hubspot.crm.associations.schema as hsschema;
```

   ```

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

1. Create a `Config.toml` file and, configure the obtained credentials in the above steps as follows:

   ```toml
   clientId = <Client Id>
   clientSecret = <Client Secret>
   refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `hsAssociationSchema:ConnectionConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

>     ```ballerina
>     configurable string clientId = ?;
>     configurable string clientSecret = ?;
>     configurable string refreshToken = ?;
> 
>    hsAssociationSchema:OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
>       clientId,
>       clientSecret,
>       refreshToken,
>       credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
>    };
> 
>    final hsAssociationSchema:Client hubspot = check new ({ auth });
>     ```

Reviewer 2: Check the indentation here. 
```suggestion
    ```ballerina
     configurable string clientId = ?;
     configurable string clientSecret = ?;
     configurable string refreshToken = ?;

    hsAssociationSchema:OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig auth = {
        clientId,
        clientSecret,
        refreshToken,
        credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
    };

    final hsAssociationSchema:Client hubspot = check new ({ auth });
    ```
```

Author: Done!
